DOCS-10828 teams (June 12) (#136)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-find-info.adoc

In the original Exchange search experience, searches apply only to the Exchange organization you are viewing. If you are viewing a private Exchange organization, the search lists only that organization's assets and not MuleSoft public assets.

> In the new Exchange search experience, you can select which of the organizations visible to you should be included in each search. By default, no organization is selected in the drop-down menu, and Exchange searches MuleSoft's public assets and the assets of the root organization and its business groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the new Exchange search experience, you can select which of the organizations visible to you to include in each search. By default, no organization is selected in the menu, and Exchange searches MuleSoft public assets and the assets of the root organization and its business groups.
```

Author: Fixed.
